Update CHANGELOG.md (#1329)
Azure/logicapps: CHANGELOG.md

# Azure Logic Apps (Standard)

## Bundle and NuGet version 1.117.x

> - Support of SafeType parameter for response to SAP operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SAP built-in operations: Support for SafeType parameter in responses to SAP operations.
```
